samples: matter: apply fix for increased flash wear (#9545)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

* :ref:`matter_light_bulb_sample`:

  * Introduced support for Matter over Wi-Fi on standalone ``nrf7002dk_nrf5340_cpuapp`` and on ``nrf5340dk_nrf5340_cpuapp`` with the ``nrf7002_ek`` shield attached.

>   * Introduced deferred attribute persister to reduce the flash wear caused by handling the MoveToLevel command from the LevelControl cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Introduced deferred attribute persister to reduce the flash wear caused by handling the ``MoveToLevel`` command from the Level Control cluster.
```
